If you have a little bit of anxiety around the idea of taking calculus, I would encourage you to give it a chance.
We don't all learn in the same way.
So we are going to be teaching the same content in different ways.
I'd say my teaching style is somewhat laid back on the only instructor that's using a blackboard.
And I prefer a fountain pen and paper. I want to make calculus a bit more human.
I'll be teaching with a tablet. We're going to look at the infinitely large, the infinitely small.
There's going to be a lot of storytelling alongside calculus.
I hate to do this to my hometown team, but we're going to look at the Buffalo Bills fan base as our example for exponential decay.
So here we go. Low-d high minus high-d low over low low. Why? Let's piece it together.
There are these mathematical functions in the things that make us happy.
This is an example of taking something in the real world and even more information through the equations.
Basically, if you're in your 20s, enjoy it while it lasts.
There is no reason why everyone shouldn't have access to the very best education.
I hope this course can be a gateway to help students from different backgrounds to start their college career.
Calculus is this place where once you master the rules, you can let your curiosity run completely right.
Welcome to Calculus 1. Let's get started. Let's get started. Let's get started.